today is a good day for rb leipzig
because I can give you today the 1a solution
present on the for us like that
important trainer position of the we so
have spoken for a long time and am happy
that ralf rangnick has decided
to take responsibility
the coaching question at rb leipzig is
clarified sports director ralf rangnick
power is even after failed
Coach talks with rangnicks
desired candidates loud club the best
solution
I know the team I know those
player as a coach you are around the
You're usually there too
at least by six days of the week
there and that's why it means too
a change for me too
private area for the family
I also believe that it makes the most sense
most important solution now is the moment
and I really look forward to it then
the 16 or 17 6
to take over the team also for
ralf rangnick, there is one
one-year contract for the trainer job
However, Verein plans to work with it in the long term
as sports director
a double load interimscoach and
angry successor achim beierlorzer he
despite the commitment not as
trainer back to the youth area
stays with the rb professionals in it becomes one
assistant coach will also be more than
maybe an assistant coach
at some club makes with us too
that means it goes without saying
he did as well as he did now
partly political groups
also the workouts then
You can also lead yourself
He will definitely stay with him
Rangnick hopes through his new office as
chekrainer familiar names to rb lure
to be able to
after the visit is the next one
high caliber celebrates the first transfer
message can also be achieved
came because ralf rangnick also the
I said that player
assume responsibility and the trainer
Willi will be in the coming season
orban which he now quasi hereby also
officially announce
Afraid of another burnout
the double burden has the 56 year old
Rangnick not he feels better than
ever before he lets the press know